About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
DATA REPOSITORIES
LMKR
Data Management
SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD – PetroHive
PHYSICAL DATA MANAGEMENT
DIGITAL DATA MANAGEMENT
CORPORATE DATA MANAGEMENT
PROJECT DATA MANAGEMENT
Turbulent markets, fluctuating commodity prices as well as technological and political influences add to the volatility and risk in the oil and gas exploration and production business. Securing investment in a country’s petroleum industry demands for government agencies to add value to its E&P data by making it available on demand, globally. To do so, one of the most important steps is to effectively catalogue and manage E&P information from both past as well as present exploration and production initiatives.
Extensive industry experience and demonstrated partnerships with governments and operators makes LMKR a vendor of choice when it comes to setting up and maintaining E&P data repositories at a corporate, national or regional level. Through our expanded set of services, we offer data gathering, organization, storage and retrieval as well as data distribution services.
In addition to engineering usable platforms that facilitate promotion of petroleum investments at a national or international level, we also offer transfer of technology programs including in-depth and hands-on training services for managing data repositories.
BLOCK EVALUATION & PROMOTION SERVICES
As part of our license round management and promotion services, we facilitate E&P operators in conducting risk analysis for exploration acreage through comprehensive online or onsite data reviews, in collaboration with government agencies.
We assist government agencies in developing and managing websites for block promotion and evaluation. Information on such forums is disseminated through technical papers with extensive statistics on data packaging and interpretation supported by interactive maps. Additionally, we also arrange national or international road shows for government agencies for effective promotion of their licensing rounds.
PETROLEUM INFORMATION SERVICE
Designed by LMKR, Petroleum Information Service is an E&P scouting portal that provides periodic updates on geological and geophysical activities, drilling initiatives, and production statistics. Currently, the portal caters to the E&P industry in Pakistan. However, due to its highly scalable design, it can be customized to be used as a scouting service for the upstream hydrocarbon industry of any country around the globe.
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram