About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
LMKR announces worldwide availability of GeoGraphix 2014 along with new products Volume Attributes and Well Planner
LMKR
March 17, 2014
LMKR today announced the release and global availability of its popular E&P Interpretation software GeoGraphix® 2014 and new complimentary LMKR products: Well Planner and Volume Attributes . Featuring leading edge technology, the 2014 release delivers:
New advanced 3D visualization & mapping techniques enabling improved reservoir understanding
Multi-dimensional geological interpretation allowing geoscientists to integrate seamlessly seismic and geological data including the capability to generate 3D volume attributes; and,
Extensive quick and easy-to-use advanced field planning capabilities that result in real reductions in time and cost.
“Today’s G&G professional is looking for new and faster methods of finding and exploiting hydrocarbons, while reducing cycle time and driving down production costs. Getting the most out of data across multiple domains; improved methods to interpret and integrate geological and seismic data critical to maximizing reservoir understanding; and, finding new, innovative ways of mapping and visualizing assets is critical to efficient hydrocarbon exploration and production. Our 2014 release addresses these key challenges.”
LMKR also introduced GeoGraphix Pro, a new upgrade option that provides the geoscientist with advanced technologies to enhance their productivity and maximize their existing GeoGraphix investment. For release 2014, these include: Advanced 3D visualization, fence diagrams and advanced field planning capabilities.
Availability LMKR’s 2014 release is available worldwide from March 17, 2014. To find your local sales office and to download, visit our website.
LMKR is a petroleum technology company with an extensive solutions portfolio that includes reservoir-centric interpretation, modeling and analytics software, mobile technology solutions, E&P data services as well as geoscience and information management consulting solutions.
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram