About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
PHYSICAL DATA MANAGEMENT
LMKR
Data Management
SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD – PetroHive
PHYSICAL DATA MANAGEMENT
DIGITAL DATA MANAGEMENT
CORPORATE DATA MANAGEMENT
PROJECT DATA MANAGEMENT
Our vendor neutral, cost effective physical data management services enable E&P companies to make informed decisions with real-time access to corrected, verified and quality controlled data. We assist E&P companies to address the more frequent operational challenges effectively so that they can focus their energy on the more important aspects of their business – data processing and interpretation.
Our physical data management service offerings include:
Data Warehousing
Consulting Services Site Assessments Data Management Processes, Procedures & Workflows Data Sorting, Indexing and Cataloging
Site Assessments
Data Management Processes, Procedures & Workflows
Data Sorting, Indexing and Cataloging
DATA WAREHOUSING
Your E&P information is by far your most important investment. Whether stored at your own premises or a remote location, you want to be in a position from where you can extract insight from virtually any type of data and deliver the right information at the right time to enable your asset team to make informed decisions.
CONSULTING SERVICES
Specialized site assessment is a key component of our physical data management service offering as it gives our consultants a functional snapshot of your E&P operations and enables them to translate your unique data management requirements into the best-fit technology infrastructure.
Streamlining your information management processes, procedures and workflows enables you to organize your data efficiently and accurately. Our assessment of your existing processes, procedures & workflows is based on a thorough technical and business process analysis which when implemented results in increased data integrity, optimum technology utilization, customized workflow and business process implementation.
Our deep domain knowledge of the upstream oil & gas sector supported by an in depth understanding of data types, the difference between these and how one data type relates to another enables us to index, catalogue and archive your information assets effectively.
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram