About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
LMKR to provide GeoGraphix product suite to the Alaska Department of Natural Resources
LMKR
March 5, 2018
LMKR today announced a multi-year agreement with the Alaska Department of Natural Resources to provide its GeoGraphix product suite to the department and its employees. An effort to further strengthen the long standing relationship that LMKR has with the Alaska Department of Natural Resources and other state and federal departments across the country.
“We are excited about this new relationship with the Alaska DNR. It provides the department with a fully featured geoscience system that offers a wide range of geological oriented workflows. It also provides them with a solid base for their data that can be easily queried and analyzed, giving the department a solid base for years to come.”

GVERSE GeoGrpahix is a complete geoscience system offering leading edge mapping, geo modeling, well & field planning, and state-of-the-art 3D visualization.
About Alaska Department of Natural Resources The Alaska Department of Natural Resources is a department of the State of Alaska. The Department’s mission is to responsibly develop Alaska’s resources by making them available for maximum use and benefit consistent with the public interest. The Department comprises seven Divisions including the Division of Agriculture; Division of Forestry; Division of Geological and Geophysical Surveys; Division of Mining, Land and Water; Division of Oil and Gas; Division of Parks and Outdoor Recreation; and Support Services Division. For more information visit www.dnr.alaska.gov
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram