About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
LMKR’s US$2.8 million software grant gives future geologists at the Indiana University of Pennsylvania (IUP) true industry experience
LMKR
April 2, 2018
Students enrolled in geology and geosciences programs at Indiana University of Pennsylvania have the opportunity to use specialized software, made possible by LMKR’s University Grants Program. LMKR, an international petroleum technology company, has provided IUP with its GeoGraphix® and GVERSE TM platform, valued at US$2.8 million.
“The software will give our students hands-on experience with a tool they can expect to see when they enter the work force. As far as we know, IUP is the only university in the northeastern United States to be able to provide this opportunity to students,” said Steven Hovan, who chairs IUP’s Geoscience Department.
“Oil and gas exploration requires an understanding of interactions between a wide range of complex variables. LMKR’s GeoGraphix® and GVERSE TM platform give us the tools to manage these data to assure that geologists make accurate decisions and mitigate risks associated with exploration and development. University-industry partnerships are important to our students and faculty as they help keep our curriculum up to date, provide internship sites for students, and stimulate research discoveries that move our scientific knowledge forward. LMKR has stepped up to create this wonderful partnership, and we look forward to great things in the future.”
LMKR announced its grant of software just as IUP announced that it is in the public phase of the $75- million Imagine Unlimited fundraising campaign. Among other initiatives, the campaign is focusing on science programs and a new building that will house many of the departments of the College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics, including Geoscience.
“Utilizing these core and advanced G&G tools will certainly create the opportunity for IUP to become the learning hub for students in the Northeast to achieve more by using the latest E&P software. We wanted to provide IUP researchers and students with a suite of industry-leading, highly sophisticated and robust tools that optimize the efficiency of petroleum and natural gas exploration and production and that give students an advantage when vying for highly competitive jobs in the oil and gas industry.”

Designed to benefit nonprofit academic institutions that train the future talent of the upstream oil and gas industry, the LMKR University Grant Program gives access to some of the industry’s most powerful geological and geophysical software packages.  The program’s goal is to ensure that the best and brightest enter the workforce, trained in the technology they will need to be successful in their careers as petroleum engineers, exploration managers, geologists, geophysicists, and geo-technologists.
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram