About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
Introducing Digital Sales – LMKR launches GVERSE E-STORE
LMKR
December 13, 2016
LMKR announced the launch of the company’s online store for geoscience applications; the GVERSE E-STORE. GVERSE applications are now available for purchase and download on the portal. It is a quick and hassle free way to purchase and download all GVERSE applications.
“Finding the right online presence is key to sustaining business. We have worked hard to bring our customers an online store that is quick to load, easy to navigate, very user-friendly, and above all simplifies the complex sales cycle involved in the Oil and Gas software market. With our innovative R&D, we aim to maintain our lead in the business by unlocking new markets and pioneering even newer solutions.”
GVERSE E-Store is part of LMKR’s customer centric approach of bringing innovative solutions to complex problems by providing a platform for simplifying the complex sales cycles involved in the Oil and Gas software market- soon to offer GeoGraphix suite of applications.
GVERSE – Fast, Easy to Use Scalable Tools
GVERSE is for geoscientists who need fast, on-the-fly solutions that maximize productivity without raising costs. GVERSE applications cover everything from prospect generation to field development and are designed to be inter-operable with GeoGraphix and other E&P software suites, cutting the time required for interpreting complex subsurface geology.
GVERSE™ Attributes™
GVERSE™ Predict3D™
GVERSE™ WebSteering™
GVERSE™ Connect™ GVERSE™ Planner™
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram