About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
LMKR Partners with LG&HTP to Modernize Karachi’s Property Tax System
Hassan Khalid
LMKR is building a comprehensive system to modernize Karachi’s Urban Immovable Property Tax Administration System (UIPT-MIS). Signed on Dec. 20, 2024, with Local Government & Housing Town Planning (LG&HTP) Department under the World Bank-funded CLICK initiative, the agreement is part of the Government of Sindh’s efforts to improve transparency and efficiency in tax operations.
With proven expertise in enterprise solutions and GIS technology, LMKR will develop and implement a comprehensive Management Information System (MIS) and a GIS-based mobile data collection application. These tools will enable LG&HTP to identify properties, calculate taxes, and perform valuations more effectively. A centralized platform will streamline operations, while taxpayers gain convenient self-service options to view tax information, bills, and payment statuses.
Nasir Tanveer, VP Technology Business & Alliances at LMKR, said:
“Our partnership with LG&HTP underscores LMKR’s commitment to driving innovation in urban management. This project will empower Karachi with a sustainable and transparent property tax system, fostering trust and accountability.”
By leveraging GIS technology, LMKR’s solution will also enhance property assessments, minimize tax evasion, and enable data-driven decision-making. These improvements will contribute to Karachi’s transformation into a more competitive and livable city.
About LMKR
LMKR is a diversified technology company with an extensive solutions portfolio that includes reservoir-centric interpretation , smart urbanization, agri-tech, big data services , AI-driven technology solutions, and consulting . From geoscience exploration solutions to intelligent transportation , we have delivered successful projects for organizations of all sizes across diverse industries globally.
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram