About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
LMKR Appoints Cleantech as Reseller of GeoGraphix Solutions to Oil & Gas Operators Across Europe
LMKR
July 12, 2015
LMKR today announced that it has entered into a reseller agreement with Cleantech to supply GeoGraphix and LMKR geoscience solutions to oil and gas companies in Europe.
Cleantech’s expertise and core business focus on the oil and gas sector from exploration to production enable it to clearly understand the needs of the geoscience user; such expertise enables them to address their needs with appropriate solutions. GeoGraphix, the complete, affordable geoscience system offering  leading-edge mapping; geological, geophysical & petrophysical modeling; well and field planning; and state-of-the-art 3D visualization supports conventional and unconventional workflows; both are important to the European E&P sector.
“We are delighted that Cleantech has become our local representative in Europe. Supported by LMKR’s EMEA team, this is the perfect combination of local market knowledge and discipline expertise coupled with software solutions requiring little IT support and designed to maintain efficient E&P operations.”
“LMKR’s geoscience solutions fit well in Cleantech’s portfolio; its mandate is to drive private sector oil and gas investments. As Europe transforms its energy economy, unconventional oil and gas can increase Europe’s competitiveness and security. Since 2010, Cleantech has worked hard to win the confidence of oil and gas operators, and GeoGraphix is an excellent, integrated oilfield product.”
About Cleantech Cleantech is a commercial consultancy for oil and gas. Covering EU-28 markets, Cleantech offers commercial sales and service for international oil and gas clients. With deep knowledge of the commercial plans of operators and service companies, Cleantech drives private and public sector investment, as Europe transforms its energy economy.
For more information on Cleantech visit Cleantechpoland.com
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram