About LMKR
Services & Expertise
Announcements
Careers
Services & Expertise
GLOBALLY RECOGNIZED INNOVATIVE SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS AND CONSULTING SERVICES
Our software solutions and data expertise is geared towards boosting production and enhancing profitability by integrating your business operations. Our extensive domain knowledge combined with software expertise can be delivered remotely or at your facility.
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Experience streamlined work environments and process excellence that ensures on-time project delivery and increased productivity with reduced IT ownership costs and greater operational control.
Take advantage of our over 2 decades of experience in aligning IT investments with strategic business priorities. Our software development and maintenance services aim at aligning investments strategically, offering:
Software Development
Software Testing Services
Configuration Management
DevOps
Documentation Services
CONSULTING
Achieve all your organizational goals with professionalism, precision and passion. Our innovative approach combines insights from the industry to help organizations navigate a complex world.
As a strategic advisor, we bring deep functional expertise along with a holistic perspective – capturing value across boundaries and between the silos of any organization to achieve agility, greater customer experience, and accelerated performance. Our data management consulting services include:
Site assessments
Data management processes, procedures & workflows
Data sorting, indexing and cataloging
DATA MANAGEMENT
Transform complex digital oilfield data and information  into actionable knowledge to make critical decisions.
ISO-certified solutions simplify your data and information management requirements and enable you to make informed decisions on your oil and gas assets while keeping costs in check. Here is a selection of our services:
Data Transformation (Conversion, Integration and Migration)
Data Management (Physical, Project & Corporate)
Complete Digitizing Solutions (Raster-to-Vector Conversion)
International Scouting Services & Data Management Applications
Data Management Consultancy
GEOSCIENCE SERVICES
Make business critical decisions with the help of our experienced geoscientists and engineering consultants.
Protect your investments with accurate and timely geological, geophysical and geotechnical analyses, seismic data processing and interpretation services. Services include:
Geotechnical/Geophysical Studies
Geoscience Consulting
Software Support
Seismic Data Processing
Petrophysical Services
E&P Applications Data Management
About Us
LMKR’s diverse solution portfolio includes geoscience exploration, intelligent transport, data management, and consulting.
Browse
Announcement
Partnership
Services & Expertise
Software Grant
Software Release
Solutions
Quick Contact
Houston, Texas
+1.281.495.5657
Emaar Business Park, Sheikh Zayed Road
+971 4 3209565
G-Tower, Kuala Lumpur
+603.2300.8700



Copyrights 2025 LMKR, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use


Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram