TYPE: page
ID: 249
Title: Services &#038; Expertise
Date: 2023-01-31T07:18:26

GLOBALLY RECOGNIZED INNOVATIVE SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS AND CONSULTING SERVICES Our software solutions and data expertise is geared towards boosting production and enhancing profitability by integrating your business operations. Our extensive domain knowledge combined with software expertise can be delivered remotely or at your facility. SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT Experience streamlined work environments and process excellence that ensures on-time project delivery and increased productivity with reduced IT ownership costs and greater operational control. Take advantage of our over 2 decades of experience in aligning IT investments with strategic business priorities. Our software development and maintenance services aim at aligning investments strategically, offering: Software Development Software Testing Services Configuration Management DevOps Documentation Services CONSULTING Achieve all your organizational goals with professionalism, precision and passion. Our innovative approach combines insights from the industry to help organizations navigate a complex world. As a strategic advisor, we bring deep functional expertise along with a holistic perspective – capturing value across boundaries and between the silos of any organization to achieve agility, greater customer experience, and accelerated performance. Our data management consulting services include: Site assessments Data management processes, procedures & workflows Data sorting, indexing and cataloging DATA MANAGEMENT Transform complex digital oilfield data and information  into actionable knowledge to make critical decisions. ISO-certified solutions simplify your data and information management requirements and enable you to make informed decisions on your oil and gas assets while keeping costs in check. Here is a selection of our services: Data Transformation (Conversion, Integration and Migration) Data Management (Physical, Project & Corporate) Complete Digitizing Solutions (Raster-to-Vector Conversion) International Scouting Services & Data Management Applications Data Management Consultancy Read More GEOSCIENCE SERVICES Make business critical decisions with the help of our experienced geoscientists and engineering consultants. Protect your investments with accurate and timely geological, geophysical and geotechnical analyses, seismic data processing and interpretation services. Services include: Geotechnical/Geophysical Studies Geoscience Consulting Software Support Seismic Data Processing Petrophysical Services E&P Applications Data Management Read More