TYPE: post
ID: 500
Title: DIGITAL DATA MANAGEMENT
Date: 2023-02-01T17:41:20

Data Management SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD – PetroHive PHYSICAL DATA MANAGEMENT DIGITAL DATA MANAGEMENT CORPORATE DATA MANAGEMENT PROJECT DATA MANAGEMENT Search Keep up with the challenges of an upstream oil & gas environment that is constantly driven by information and processes through digitization of your core E&P information for an integrated and consistent view of your data across applications, platforms and business functions. Share your E&P information across the enterprise without worrying about data duplication. At LMKR, we understand the integrity of your data and the impact of it on your business. It is our objective to ensure that your data remains current and provides you with the information that you need, when you need it for making informed business critical decisions. Our digital data management service offerings include: Well Data Management Data Transcription & Remastering Services Media Conversion/Data Duplication Data Reformatting Data Quality Assurance (QA) and Quality Checking (QC) Data Recovery Document Management Data Storage Seismic Scanning & Vectorization Document Management DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT Effective storage and retrieval of your E&P information has a direct impact on business critical decisions. Most organizations already capture, store and retrieve their E&P information on a daily basis. However, the process of doing so often turns out to be time consuming and cumbersome. With our document management services, our customers enjoy a range of professional document management capabilities that include scanning, cataloguing and archiving E&P documents in a file format and media of your choice. WELL DATA MANAGEMENT Our well log digitization services include both manual as well as automated processing methods that enable us to provide you with a standardized digital output of your log data. In addition to standard western-style logs, our log data digitization experts can also convert a varied variety of hardcopy presentations including mud logs, dip meter tadpole plots, non-standard international logs and grids into standardized digital output. SEISMIC SCANNING & VECTORIZATION Let our seismic scanning & vectorization experts digitize and convert your hard copy, vintage seismic sections into SEG-Y format files. We will not only ensure long term preservation of your legacy data but also provide you with the ability for further workstation processing and interpretation. DATA TRANSCRIPTION & REMASTERING SERVICES Rapid innovation in the technology used for managing E&P data has left many companies wondering how they can leverage the true potential of their legacy information within the scope of today’s data management systems. At LMKR, we enable you to take advantage of your legacy information by: Converting low density medium to high density medium Consolidating data stored in multiple low density tapes to a single high density tape Migrating legacy, non-standard data to standard formats We have successfully transcribed over 150,000 tapes and cartridges a year from known legacy to acceptable modern day formats. Quality control is an integral part of our transcription and remastering process. As a matter of standard, while transcribing or remastering your legacy data; our team of experienced QC experts always reports and investigates inconsistencies. Our data transcription and remastering service offerings include: Data Recovery Media Conversion/Data Duplication Data Quality Assurance (QA) and Quality Checking (QC) Data Reformatting Data Storage