TYPE: post
ID: 219
Title: LMKR announces worldwide availability of GeoGraphix 2017.1 along with GVERSE Geomodeling for interpreting geology, petrophysics, and geophysics in one integrated 3D environment
Date: 2015-07-12T16:22:44

November 28, 2017 LMKR today announced release of the newest update to its popular E&P interpretation software; GeoGraphix 2017.1 and GVERSE Geomodeling; a new integrated 3D geomodeling platform. With advanced field planning, integrated 3D geomodeling and powerful petrophysical analysis, GeoGraphix 2017.1 is the industry’s most advanced, cost efficient, and tightly integrated geoscience system. This latest release provides a host of new features and enhancements with tools derived from customer experience as well as extensive research. “We are continually working on making our products truly integrated for seamless operations through consistent R&D.” Scott Oelfke, Vice President – Product Management, R&D at LMKR With GVERSE Geomodeling 2017.1 integrate petrophysical, geophysical, drilling, and GIS data into your interpretation to create the most comprehensive geomodel with real-time map view, cross section view, and 3D visualization. GVERSE Geomodeling is an integrated environment for modeling that incorporates a newly built 3D View with map and cross sections. Working efficiently with larger projects in 64 bit, it gives you control through picking and moving virtual inter-well points and easily committing them to the database and model. Improve your workflows by manipulating modeled surfaces, controlling the spread of fault modeling, and adjusting transparency level of lithology fills. Take your interpretations to a whole new level with advanced petrophysical analysis that allows incorporating new curves through importing and merging into existing computed curves set. Availability LMKR’s 2017 release of GeoGraphix and GVERSE Geomodeling is now available worldwide. For more information and to find your local sales office, visit our website.