TYPE: post
ID: 331
Title: LMKR Partners with CWD to Deliver GeoGraphix Solutions Tailored for the Canadian Market
Date: 2015-06-15T14:54:31

June 15 2015 LMKR and CWD Inc. today announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU).  Under the MOU, LMKR and CWD will establish the framework to develop a strategic partnership with the intent to finalize a Data Distribution Agreement.  Through the Data Distribution Agreement, LMKR will include CWD’s oil and gas data within its GeoGraphix® software. The new product offering will deliver preloaded datasets designed to reduce the time end users need to become productive in their workflow. Users will spend more time analyzing data and less time to input data.  LMKR is known for the strength of its geological interpretation software, GeoGraphix® , while CWD provides comprehensive oil and gas data for Alberta, BC, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, as well as the rest of Canada (including frontier locations). “The combination of easy to access, comprehensive data, combined with the power of GeoGraphix ® geoscience system to interpret that data, offers the Oil & Gas companies operating in Canada a quick, easy and affordable solution to their E&P needs. We are delighted to be partnering with CWD Inc. to deliver these solutions.” Jahanzeb Moazzam Khan, Regional General Manager, North & South America “ I am pleased to announce that CWD data will be bundled directly with GeoGraphix ® software.  Geographix ® is known for its strength in geological interpretation and this partnership makes it easier than ever for exploration companies to spend more time interpreting data and less time finding and loading their data .” Peter Ciavarella, Managing Director CWD About CWD Inc. As Canada’s premier provider of PPDM and spatial oil and gas data, CWD can customize content and format to meet user needs. Whether the focus is E&P, drilling, midstream/processing, oil & gas service, pipelines or research sectors – CWD has the information available to enable exploration success.