TYPE: post
ID: 200
Title: We are excited to launch the newly designed GVERSE GeoGraphix website
Date: 2020-08-10T15:44:37

August 10, 2020 With a goal to create a user-friendly browsing experience for valued customer, we are excited to launch the newly designed GVERSE GeoGraphix website www.gverse.com/geographix . We hope you enjoy the new easy to navigate and more accessible design. Homepage You can find useful information about our products and services on the homepage of our website. Along with latest software updates, product demos, and knowledge center links, you can find direct links to solutions, support, e-learning, academia, and contact information as well as live chat. Support Find out about latest promotions, new products, technical brochures, special offers, and resources in this section. We will regularly launch some new products under the solutions section. We have an extensive academia program that delivers academic support across the globe. Advance your research with access to the resource section that includes guides, whitepapers, solutions articles and other tips and tricks for everyday workflows, with more added every month. Live Chat We have introduced a 24×7 live chat on the new portal. An integral part of a successful customer service toolkit, live chat helps us provide you a convenient platform to communicate in real-time. Download A very intuitive download manager has been introduced allowing users to select their preference while downloading the software and related tools of choice. The new download bucket is capable of downloading multiple files with a single click. Social Media The site contains integrated social media buttons for Blog, LinkedIn, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram to keep our valued clients updated with new helpful information, articles, blogs, company announcements and product updates. We are sure in the new website you will find all the information you need and more. If you would like to share feedback about your experience with the new website, please send us an email . Launch Website