TYPE: post
ID: 271
Title: LMKR Announces Worldwide Availability of GeoGraphix 2015.1 along with GVERSE Planner and GVERSE WebSteering
Date: 2015-12-15T07:46:02

December 15, 2015 As focus moves from exploration to production optimization, asset teams turn their attention to maximizing recoveries while reducing cycle time and driving down production costs. LMKR, with its newest release GEOGRAPHIX 2015.1 along with release of two more GVERSE applications GVERSE Planner and GVERSE WebSteering, is able to address these key challenges better than before through fast, easy to use, scalable tools. Speed: Reduced cycle time of prospecting-to-production through direct and seamless integration between domains Accuracy: Increased accuracy of reservoir interpretation through an extensive 3D geomodel bringing domains together in time or depth Decision Making: Ability to view all the possibilities in one 3D scene in order to make the best economic decisions. Geology Benefit from the efficiencies of working in a dynamically updated, geologically accurate, sealed earth model enabling you to initialize interpretations, create cross sections, and pick tops faster. Improve the accuracy of interpretation by leveraging seismic to provide inter-well detail and improve directional drilling using easy-to-use, lightweight web geosteering from home, at the office or on site! Geophysics Benefit from the full integration of time and depth domains. Create velocity models using average or interval methods to better accommodate lateral variation in velocities. Utilize these models to create static depth volumes, or perform dynamic depth conversion using inter-well depth point integration to update & refresh the time-depth relationships. Field Planning Advanced field planning capabilities extended to encompass hazard avoidance for existing vertical wells, display of field plans in Google Earth or Bing, updating of target points on maps to see the changes instantly in the integrated 3D view. 3D Visualization GeoGraphix unveils the big picture of your reservoir in 3D enabling a multi-domain, integrated workflow updated in 3D space in real time. GVERSE – Plug & Play Solutions for GeoGraphix and other E&P Software Suites LMKR has also announced the release of two more GVERSE applications; GVERSE WebSteering and GVERSE Planner that complement this release of GeoGraphix 2015.1. GVERSE WebSteering – Stay ahead of the drill bit with the only web browser based geosteering application in the E&P industry to plan or adjust your well trajectory through instantaneous information or in an offline mode. GVERSE Planner – Fully integrated well planning with the ability to visualize geologic surfaces, quickly create surveys and geoprognosis reports, and just as easily make changes to existing plans. Availability LMKR’s 2015 release of LMKR GeoGraphix, GVERSE Planner and GVERSE WebSteering is now available worldwide. Visit our website for more information.